Update setup.md (#895)
pulumi/docs: quickstart/azure/setup.md

Once obtained, there are two ways to communicate your authorization tokens to Pulumi:

1. Set the environment variables `ARM_CLIENT_ID`, `ARM_CLIENT_SECRET`, `ARM_TENANT_ID`, and `ARM_SUBSCRIPTION_ID` respectively

2. Set them using configuration

    ```bash

>     $ pulumi config set azure:subscriptionId <subscriptionId>

Reviewer: It'd be nice if this was moved to the end of the commands, to match the order of the environment variables above.

Please refer to the Azure documentation for detailed instructions:

* [Using the Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/create-an-azure-service-principal-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest)

> * Alternatively you can use [Azure Cloud Shell](https://shell.azure.com/) if you do not want to install Azure CLI 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Using the Azure Cloud Shell](https://shell.azure.com/)
```

> * Alternatively you can use [Azure Cloud Shell](https://shell.azure.com/) if you do not want to install Azure CLI 

Reviewer: It'd also be nice to update the sentence above, e.g.:

```diff
- To use a Service Principal, you must first create one.  This can be done using the Azure CLI or the Azure Portal.
+ To use a Service Principal, you must first create one.  This can be done using the Azure CLI, the Azure Cloud Shell, or the Azure Portal.
```

}
```

> However, you also need to obtain subscription id. To get current subscription Id you can use:

Reviewer 2: Consistent capitalization, how about:

"You also need to obtain a Subscription ID. To retrieve your current Subscription ID, you can use ..."

"To list all available subscriptions, you can use..."

Author: sounds reasonable.

Author: just to be clear, should I change all "subscription id" to "Subscription ID" and leave subscription intact, or should I capitalize "subscription" as well (there are several places where we talk about "subscription", not "Subscription ID")

Reviewer: For clarity, I've added Suggested changes with the specific changes that Sean suggested. I don't think there's any other places that would need to change.

> However, you also need to obtain subscription id. To get current subscription Id you can use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also need to obtain a Subscription ID. To retrieve your current Subscription ID, you can use:
```

```

> az account show --query id -o tsv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ az account show --query id -o tsv
```

Author: you sure thats a good idea? that `$` is really annoying, you cant copy\paste the whole line because of that

Reviewer: Existing commands on this page are prefixed with `$`, so this just makes the additions consistent with the rest of the page.

I agree it makes copying a little annoying — we have plans to make copying easier via `user-select: none` applied to the `$` and providing a copy button when hovering over code snippets to quickly copy without having to select the text.

```

> To list available subscriptions use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To list all available subscriptions, you can use:
```

```

> az account list --query '[].{subscriptionName:name,subscriptionId:id}' -o tsv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ az account list --query '[].{subscriptionName:name,subscriptionId:id}' -o tsv
```

```

The environment variables would then be set as such:

```bash

> $ export ARM_CLIENT_ID="WWWWWWWW-WWWW-WWWW-WWWW-WWWWWWWWWWWW"

Reviewer: Mind keeping `ARM_CLIENT_ID` as `XXXX...`, `ARM_CLIENT_SECRET` as `YYYY...`, and `ARM_TENANT_ID` as `ZZZZ` so they match the `pulumi config` commands below?

Author: ugh, my bad

$ export ARM_CLIENT_SECRET="XXXXXXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXXXXXXXXXX"
$ export ARM_TENANT_ID="YYYYYYYY-YYYY-YYYY-YYYY-YYYYYYYYYYYY"
$ export ARM_SUBSCRIPTION_ID="ZZZZZZZZ-ZZZZ-ZZZZ-ZZZZ-ZZZZZZZZZZZZ"
```

Or configuration variables, if you prefer that they be stored alongside your Pulumi stack for easy multi-user access:

```bash

> $ pulumi config set azure:subscriptionId "WWWWWWWW-WWWW-WWWW-WWWW-WWWWWWWWWWWW"

Reviewer: Similarly, it'd be nice if this was moved to the end of the commands, to match the order of the environment variables above.
